Aiman
I like so many athlete, and as I was changing sports I liked Michael Jordan, Larry Bird in basketball. I liked Lance Armstrong when Iwas doing cycling, and right now I can't think of anyone. But I think Lance Armstrong was and still is my favorite, I think.

Cheryl
Who is the best athlete I like? Well, he's a very famous athlete. His name is Michael Phelps and I really like him because one, he's very handsome. Two, he's obviously very talented. He's broken world records for swimming and most recently in the 2008 Beijing Olympics, he really came forth and took the spotlight from a lot of other swimming athletes.

Jonathan
Who is a famous athlete I like? I like a lot of athletes for the skills they demonstrate when they're on the court, on the ice, on the field and such, but I can't really say I hold any of them up as a role model. I don't respect them to a higher degree than I would other figures. I think a lot of people respect athletes too much for their ability to bounce a ball or hit a ball. I do respect some athletes like Dikembe Mutombo who was a famous basketball player who used his profile and his money to do a lot of good work in his native Africa.

Liz
The famous athlete that I like is Zlatan Ibrahimovic, the football player from Sweden actually. I like him because he stands for success and he's just a really good football player.

Jeff
A famous athlete that I like would be maybe Michael Jordan because of his tenacity and intensity to win every time he played and to be the best was quite incredible.

Hoa
I would say I like David Beckham, but I think I like him in the past better than now. The reason why I like him because he's a very good footballer, and you know, like apart from his professional life - career - he has some very good, you know, a big family. He has children. He knows how to manage his professional life and his private life which I like about him. And he did a lot of advertising, commercials, and he's kind of sexy. That's why I like him.