 You know that saying move fast and break things? I do. Well, we say move fast and fix things because in our experience, speed and fixing go hand in hand. Absolutely. Speed's gotten a dangerous reputation, but it signals that you take a problem seriously. And it builds momentum for real change, which is why we move fast and we fix things. My name is Ann Morris. I'm a company builder and a leadership coach. And I'm Frances Fry. I'm an author and a Harvard Business School professor. And most importantly, I'm Ann's wife. You're going off script sunshine. We're the co-authors of two books on building better businesses. And we've spent decades helping everyone from entrepreneurs just starting out to CEOs of global corporations. We help them all solve their work problems. Along the way, we've noticed something surprising. When people come to us with a work problem, whether it's completely new or something they've been wrestling with for years, often they're just one good conversation away from removing the roadblock and finding a solution. That's where we come in. We guide people past those barriers so that they can make things happen. And that's exactly what we'll be doing here. Unfixible. This is a new show from the TED Audio Collective. Each week, we'll take a call from someone who's stuck. Someone who's facing a work problem that they just don't know how to solve. We'll cover things like when to say enough is enough. The workload was starting to get unmanageable. What to do when you think your boss is acting unethically? How do I convey that message is an amount of air? They understand doing the right thing is not just about rhetoric. And my personal favorite, how to find your strengths and lean into them. Wow, you know, I came for the discussion and I'm staying for the ego books. This is great. Our hope is that by doing this work out here in the open, inviting everyone to the party, we can start to really spread the message that meaningful change happens fast and really that everything is fixable. Everything is fixable. And that's where you come in. If you have a work problem, you're feeling stuck on, get in touch. Tell us how we can help. Email us at fixable at TED.com or give us a call at 234 Fixable. That's 234-349-2253. And make sure to subscribe to Fixable right now on your favorite podcast app. So you don't miss a single episode. Part of what we do in the world is just bring some Kandu, Lesbian spirit into organizations. We are Kandu, Lesbian's end. We think there's a Kandu lesbian inside of everyone. You just have to find her. You just got to find her. She's in there.