 If you go back 10 years ago, the situation on the ground was truly horrible. You could fly for an hour in a jet, look out your window, and see no organism in what was once a tropical rainforest, except palm oil plantations, pulp and paper plantations. Nature was really suffering. There was a sense that nothing could be done about it. With climate change, it's very easy to feel like the world's on fire, and that there's nothing we can do about it. But that's just not true. I'm Angelie Grover, and I'm Ryan Pinchadsr. And together, we're bringing you a new podcast from Tet, where we meet people who are actively tackling the climate problems that seem just too big to fix, with bold, creative and scalable solutions. Five years ago, it just felt so daunting. And when we started this project, nobody really believed that this could be a solution at scale. Now, the problem feels within reach. This season, we're looking at one of the biggest challenges we're facing, carbon pollution. In 2004, we had this huge heat wave in Europe, and thousands of people died, and that was like a kind of moment where everyone, oh, this is real. We found real, almost unbelievable solutions that are stopping literal gigatons of carbon emissions in their tracks. I'm talking about the solutions that are going after the 59 billion tons of greenhouse gases that are being produced today. In each episode, we'll dive into what the problem is, what the history is, and what's being done about it, beginning with the power grid. Wind and solar now are the two cheapest ways to produce electricity. And I mean, that happened in what, 25 years. Then we'll look at transportation, the meat industry. We can get as high as 80% reductions in dairy, and over 98, 99% reductions in beef feedlot animals. It's the highest methane reductions. Then we'll turn to plastics and more. You'll hear from surprising characters and unexpected heroes working on scaling up really innovative ideas. Starting on September 22nd, join us for these inspiring stories of change and impact. Because what we need to supercharge these solutions is speed and scale.