 Look, you know what, I've got it good, but work has been rather challenging recently. I debuted my new role on the radio the same day the country went into lockdown and my kids stopped going to school. It's the Ted Radio Hour from NPR. I'm a new summer Odie. A month later, the pandemic put the cabash on my other business venture. And the economy kept getting worse. It was just like, I don't know. Does this even make sense? And now, like you, I am trying to figure out how to do my part to help this country reckon with its past and build a better future. So it is my true privilege to introduce the new iteration of this podcast. I'm Manou Shazamaroti and Zigzag is the business show about being human. And it's back. I'm back as part of the Ted Family of Podcasts. Because we're all facing twists and turns in our careers, our companies and our lives as never before. A brand new era in American history. Our psyches and our planet feel maxed out. You've got people trying to make millions and billions. You've got people trying to show how brilliant they are to create the next unicorn. You know, the center cannot hold. So what is the path to a kinder, more sustainable way? Well, on season five, you'll hear how six very unusual dynamos are reinventing themselves so they can reinvent how business is done. I love the fact that I can have a cupcake delivered to me. I love it. But I don't need to see another cupcake delivery company. I want to see people who are changing their own lives by changing the lives of others. People act like it's such an audacious thing and it's so big. To me, this is just one brick in a new foundation for our civic society. Stories that will change how you see some of the biggest issues of our time. I identify as a black gay woman and I couldn't find anyone who looked like me who was making investments in people who look like me and change how you see yourself. These are the industries that are basically shaping what it means to be a human being. Be careful of your own definitions of waste. If you can do that, you will start finding value where you never expected it. I truly believe we can align our ambitions with what is good for our fellow human beings while also taking care of ourselves. My three self-help remedies are well-buterin, marathon running, and sex. Done. There I said it. Thursdays this summer starting July 23rd, join me, Manouche Summerodi, and Zigzag from Ted, wherever you get your podcasts.